Fungal infection In humans, fungal infections occur when an invading fungus takes over an area of the body and is too much for the immune system to handle. Fungi can live in the air, soil, water, and plants. There are also some fungi that live naturally in the human body. Like many microbes, there are helpful fungi and harmful fungi. The symptoms of Fungal infection are dischromic patches, itching, nodal skin eruptions, skin rash. The other kind symptoms of Fungal infection are dischromic patches, nodal skin eruptions, skin rash. The other kind symptoms of Fungal infection are dischromic patches, itching, nodal skin eruptions. The other kind symptoms of Fungal infection are dischromic patches, itching, skin rash. The other kind symptoms of Fungal infection are itching, nodal skin eruptions, skin rash.

Allergy An allergy is an immune system response to a foreign substance that's not typically harmful to your body.They can include certain foods, pollen, or pet dander. Your immune system's job is to keep you healthy by fighting harmful pathogens. The symptoms of Allergy are chills, continuous sneezing, shivering, watering from eyes. The other kind symptoms of Allergy are chills, shivering, watering from eyes. The other kind symptoms of Allergy are chills, continuous sneezing, watering from eyes. The other kind symptoms of Allergy are continuous sneezing, shivering, watering from eyes. The other kind symptoms of Allergy are chills, continuous sneezing, shivering.

GERD Gastroesophageal reflux disease, or GERD, is a digestive disorder that affects the lower esophageal sphincter (LES), the ring of muscle between the esophagus and stomach. Many people, including pregnant women, suffer from heartburn or acid indigestion caused by GERD. The symptoms of GERD are acidity, chest pain, cough, stomach pain, ulcers on tongue, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of GERD are chest pain, cough, stomach pain, ulcers on tongue, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of GERD are acidity, chest pain, cough, stomach pain, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of GERD are acidity, chest pain, cough, stomach pain, ulcers on tongue. The other kind symptoms of GERD are acidity, chest pain, stomach pain, ulcers on tongue, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of GERD are acidity, cough, stomach pain, ulcers on tongue, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of GERD are acidity, chest pain, cough, ulcers on tongue, vomiting.

Chronic cholestasis Chronic cholestatic diseases, whether occurring in infancy, childhood or adulthood, are characterized by defective bile acid transport from the liver to the intestine, which is caused by primary damage to the biliary epithelium in most cases. The symptoms of Chronic cholestasis are abdominal pain, itching, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Chronic cholestasis are abdominal pain, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Chronic cholestasis are abdominal pain, itching, loss of appetite, nausea, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Chronic cholestasis are abdominal pain, itching, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Chronic cholestasis are abdominal pain, itching, loss of appetite, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Chronic cholestasis are abdominal pain, itching, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Chronic cholestasis are itching, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Chronic cholestasis are abdominal pain, itching, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowish skin.

Drug Reaction An adverse drug reaction (ADR) is an injury caused by taking medication. ADRs may occur following a single dose or prolonged administration of a drug or result from the combination of two or more drugs. The symptoms of Drug Reaction are burning micturition, itching, skin rash, spotting urination, stomach pain. The other kind symptoms of Drug Reaction are burning micturition, itching, spotting urination, stomach pain. The other kind symptoms of Drug Reaction are burning micturition, itching, skin rash, spotting urination. The other kind symptoms of Drug Reaction are itching, skin rash, spotting urination, stomach pain. The other kind symptoms of Drug Reaction are burning micturition, itching, skin rash, stomach pain. The other kind symptoms of Drug Reaction are burning micturition, skin rash, spotting urination, stomach pain.

Peptic ulcer disease (PUD) is a break in the inner lining of the stomach, the first part of the small intestine, or sometimes the lower esophagus. An ulcer in the stomach is called a gastric ulcer, while one in the first part of the intestines is a duodenal ulcer. The symptoms of Peptic ulcer disease are abdominal pain, internal itching, loss of appetite, passage of gases, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Peptic ulcer disease are abdominal pain, indigestion, internal itching, passage of gases, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Peptic ulcer disease are abdominal pain, indigestion, internal itching, loss of appetite, passage of gases. The other kind symptoms of Peptic ulcer disease are indigestion, internal itching, loss of appetite, passage of gases, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Peptic ulcer disease are abdominal pain, indigestion, internal itching, loss of appetite, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Peptic ulcer disease are abdominal pain, indigestion, loss of appetite, passage of gases, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Peptic ulcer disease are abdominal pain, indigestion, internal itching, loss of appetite, passage of gases, vomiting.

AIDS Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) is a chronic, potentially life-threatening condition caused by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). By damaging your immune system, HIV interferes with your body's ability to fight infection and disease. The symptoms of AIDS are extra marital contacts, high fever, muscle wasting, patches in throat. The other kind symptoms of AIDS are extra marital contacts, high fever, patches in throat. The other kind symptoms of AIDS are extra marital contacts, high fever, muscle wasting. The other kind symptoms of AIDS are extra marital contacts, muscle wasting, patches in throat. The other kind symptoms of AIDS are high fever, muscle wasting, patches in throat.

Diabetes is a disease that occurs when your blood glucose, also called blood sugar, is too high. Blood glucose is your main source of energy and comes from the food you eat. Insulin, a hormone made by the pancreas, helps glucose from food get into your cells to be used for energy. The symptoms of Diabetes are blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, fatigue, increased appetite, irregular sugar level, lethargy, obesity, polyuria, restlessness, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Diabetes are blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, increased appetite, irregular sugar level, lethargy, obesity, polyuria, restlessness, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Diabetes are blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, fatigue, increased appetite, irregular sugar level, lethargy, obesity, polyuria, restlessness. The other kind symptoms of Diabetes are blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, fatigue, increased appetite, irregular sugar level, lethargy, obesity, polyuria, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Diabetes are blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, fatigue, increased appetite, irregular sugar level, obesity, polyuria, restlessness, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Diabetes are blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, fatigue, increased appetite, lethargy, obesity, polyuria, restlessness, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Diabetes are excessive hunger, fatigue, increased appetite, irregular sugar level, lethargy, obesity, polyuria, restlessness, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Diabetes are blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, fatigue, increased appetite, irregular sugar level, lethargy, polyuria, restlessness, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Diabetes are blurred and distorted vision, fatigue, increased appetite, irregular sugar level, lethargy, obesity, polyuria, restlessness, weight loss.

Gastroenteritis is an inflammation of the digestive tract, particularly the stomach, and large and small intestines. Viral and bacterial gastroenteritis are intestinal infections associated with symptoms of diarrhea , abdominal cramps, nausea , and vomiting . The symptoms of Gastroenteritis are dehydration, diarrhea, sunken eyes, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Gastroenteritis are dehydration, diarrhea, sunken eyes. The other kind symptoms of Gastroenteritis are dehydration, diarrhea, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Gastroenteritis are diarrhea, sunken eyes, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Gastroenteritis are dehydration, sunken eyes, vomiting.

Bronchial Asthma Bronchial asthma is a medical condition which causes the airway path of the lungs to swell and narrow. Due to this swelling, the air path produces excess mucus making it hard to breathe, which results in coughing, short breath, and wheezing. The disease is chronic and interferes with daily working. The symptoms of Bronchial Asthma are breathlessness, cough, family history, fatigue, high fever, mucoid sputum. The other kind symptoms of Bronchial Asthma are breathlessness, cough, family history, high fever, mucoid sputum. The other kind symptoms of Bronchial Asthma are breathlessness, family history, fatigue, high fever, mucoid sputum. The other kind symptoms of Bronchial Asthma are breathlessness, cough, family history, fatigue, mucoid sputum. The other kind symptoms of Bronchial Asthma are cough, family history, fatigue, high fever, mucoid sputum. The other kind symptoms of Bronchial Asthma are breathlessness, cough, fatigue, high fever, mucoid sputum. The other kind symptoms of Bronchial Asthma are breathlessness, cough, family history, fatigue, high fever.

Hypertension (HTN or HT), also known as high blood pressure (HBP), is a long-term medical condition in which the blood pressure in the arteries is persistently elevated. High blood pressure typically does not cause symptoms. The symptoms of Hypertension are chest pain, dizziness, headache, lack of concentration, loss of balance. The other kind symptoms of Hypertension are chest pain, dizziness, lack of concentration, loss of balance. The other kind symptoms of Hypertension are dizziness, headache, lack of concentration, loss of balance. The other kind symptoms of Hypertension are chest pain, headache, lack of concentration, loss of balance. The other kind symptoms of Hypertension are chest pain, dizziness, headache, lack of concentration. The other kind symptoms of Hypertension are chest pain, dizziness, headache, loss of balance.

Migraine A migraine can cause severe throbbing pain or a pulsing sensation, usually on one side of the head. It's often accompanied by nausea, vomiting, and extreme sensitivity to light and sound. Migraine attacks can last for hours to days, and the pain can be so severe that it interferes with your daily activities. The symptoms of Migraine are acidity, blurred and distorted vision, depression, excessive hunger, headache, indigestion, irritability, stiff neck, visual disturbances. The other kind symptoms of Migraine are blurred and distorted vision, depression, excessive hunger, headache, indigestion, irritability, stiff neck, visual disturbances. The other kind symptoms of Migraine are acidity, blurred and distorted vision, depression, excessive hunger, headache, irritability, stiff neck, visual disturbances. The other kind symptoms of Migraine are acidity, blurred and distorted vision, depression, excessive hunger, indigestion, irritability, stiff neck, visual disturbances. The other kind symptoms of Migraine are acidity, depression, excessive hunger, headache, indigestion, irritability, stiff neck, visual disturbances. The other kind symptoms of Migraine are acidity, blurred and distorted vision, depression, headache, indigestion, irritability, stiff neck, visual disturbances. The other kind symptoms of Migraine are acidity, blurred and distorted vision, depression, excessive hunger, headache, indigestion, irritability, visual disturbances. The other kind symptoms of Migraine are acidity, blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, headache, indigestion, irritability, stiff neck, visual disturbances. The other kind symptoms of Migraine are acidity, blurred and distorted vision, depression, excessive hunger, headache, indigestion, stiff neck, visual disturbances. The other kind symptoms of Migraine are acidity, blurred and distorted vision, depression, excessive hunger, headache, indigestion, irritability, stiff neck.

Cervical spondylosis is a general term for age-related wear and tear affecting the spinal disks in your neck. As the disks dehydrate and shrink, signs of osteoarthritis develop, including bony projections along the edges of bones (bone spurs). The symptoms of Cervical spondylosis are back pain, dizziness, loss of balance, neck pain, weakness in limbs. The other kind symptoms of Cervical spondylosis are dizziness, loss of balance, neck pain, weakness in limbs. The other kind symptoms of Cervical spondylosis are back pain, dizziness, loss of balance, neck pain. The other kind symptoms of Cervical spondylosis are back pain, dizziness, loss of balance, weakness in limbs. The other kind symptoms of Cervical spondylosis are back pain, loss of balance, neck pain, weakness in limbs. The other kind symptoms of Cervical spondylosis are back pain, dizziness, neck pain, weakness in limbs.

Paralysis (brain hemorrhage) Intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) is when blood suddenly bursts into brain tissue, causing damage to your brain. Symptoms usually appear suddenly during ICH. They include headache, weakness, confusion, and paralysis, particularly on one side of your body. The symptoms of Paralysis (brain hemorrhage) are altered sensorium, headache, vomiting, weakness of one body side. The other kind symptoms of Paralysis (brain hemorrhage) are altered sensorium, headache, weakness of one body side. The other kind symptoms of Paralysis (brain hemorrhage) are altered sensorium, vomiting, weakness of one body side. The other kind symptoms of Paralysis (brain hemorrhage) are altered sensorium, headache, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Paralysis (brain hemorrhage) are headache, vomiting, weakness of one body side.

Jaundice Yellow staining of the skin and sclerae (the whites of the eyes) by abnormally high blood levels of the bile pigment bilirubin. The yellowing extends to other tissues and body fluids. Jaundice was once called the "morbus regius" (the regal disease) in the belief that only the touch of a king could cure it. The symptoms of Jaundice are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, itching, vomiting, weight loss, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Jaundice are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, vomiting, weight loss, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Jaundice are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, itching, weight loss, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Jaundice are abdominal pain, dark urine, high fever, itching, vomiting, weight loss, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Jaundice are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, itching, vomiting, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Jaundice are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, itching, vomiting, weight loss, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Jaundice are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, itching, vomiting, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Jaundice are abdominal pain, fatigue, high fever, itching, vomiting, weight loss, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Jaundice are dark urine, fatigue, high fever, itching, vomiting, weight loss, yellowish skin.

Malaria An infectious disease caused by protozoan parasites from the Plasmodium family that can be transmitted by the bite of the Anopheles mosquito or by a contaminated needle or transfusion. Falciparum malaria is the most deadly type. The symptoms of Malaria are chills, headache, high fever, muscle pain, nausea, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Malaria are chills, diarrhea, headache, high fever, muscle pain, nausea, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Malaria are diarrhea, headache, high fever, muscle pain, nausea, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Malaria are chills, diarrhea, headache, high fever, muscle pain, nausea, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Malaria are chills, diarrhea, headache, muscle pain, nausea, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Malaria are chills, diarrhea, headache, high fever, muscle pain, nausea, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Malaria are chills, diarrhea, high fever, muscle pain, nausea, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Malaria are chills, diarrhea, headache, high fever, muscle pain, sweating, vomiting.

Chicken pox Chickenpox is a highly contagious disease caused by the varicella-zoster virus (VZV). It can cause an itchy, blister-like rash. The rash first appears on the chest, back, and face, and then spreads over the entire body, causing between 250 and 500 itchy blisters. The symptoms of Chicken pox are fatigue, headache, high fever, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, red spots over body, skin rash, swelled lymph nodes. The other kind symptoms of Chicken pox are fatigue, headache, high fever, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, red spots over body, skin rash, swelled lymph nodes. The other kind symptoms of Chicken pox are fatigue, headache, high fever, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, red spots over body, swelled lymph nodes. The other kind symptoms of Chicken pox are headache, high fever, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, red spots over body, skin rash, swelled lymph nodes. The other kind symptoms of Chicken pox are fatigue, headache, high fever, itching, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, red spots over body, skin rash, swelled lymph nodes. The other kind symptoms of Chicken pox are fatigue, headache, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, red spots over body, skin rash, swelled lymph nodes. The other kind symptoms of Chicken pox are fatigue, high fever, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, red spots over body, skin rash, swelled lymph nodes. The other kind symptoms of Chicken pox are fatigue, headache, high fever, itching, lethargy, malaise, mild fever, red spots over body, skin rash, swelled lymph nodes. The other kind symptoms of Chicken pox are fatigue, headache, high fever, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, red spots over body, skin rash, swelled lymph nodes. The other kind symptoms of Chicken pox are fatigue, headache, high fever, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, red spots over body, skin rash.

Dengue an acute infectious disease caused by a flavivirus (species Dengue virus of the genus Flavivirus), transmitted by aedes mosquitoes, and characterized by headache, severe joint pain, and a rash. — called also breakbone fever, dengue fever. The symptoms of Dengue are back pain, chills, fatigue, headache, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, muscle pain, nausea, pain behind the eyes, red spots over body, skin rash, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Dengue are back pain, chills, fatigue, headache, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, malaise, nausea, pain behind the eyes, red spots over body, skin rash, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Dengue are back pain, chills, fatigue, headache, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, malaise, muscle pain, nausea, pain behind the eyes, skin rash, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Dengue are back pain, chills, fatigue, headache, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, malaise, muscle pain, nausea, pain behind the eyes, red spots over body, skin rash, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Dengue are back pain, chills, fatigue, headache, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, malaise, muscle pain, nausea, pain behind the eyes, red spots over body, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Dengue are back pain, fatigue, headache, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, malaise, muscle pain, nausea, pain behind the eyes, red spots over body, skin rash, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Dengue are back pain, chills, fatigue, headache, high fever, loss of appetite, malaise, muscle pain, nausea, pain behind the eyes, red spots over body, skin rash, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Dengue are back pain, chills, fatigue, headache, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, malaise, muscle pain, nausea, pain behind the eyes, red spots over body, skin rash. The other kind symptoms of Dengue are back pain, chills, headache, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, malaise, muscle pain, nausea, pain behind the eyes, red spots over body, skin rash, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Dengue are back pain, chills, fatigue, headache, joint pain, loss of appetite, malaise, muscle pain, nausea, pain behind the eyes, red spots over body, skin rash, vomiting.

Typhoid An acute illness characterized by fever caused by infection with the bacterium Salmonella typhi. Typhoid fever has an insidious onset, with fever, headache, constipation, malaise, chills, and muscle pain. Diarrhea is uncommon, and vomiting is not usually severe. The symptoms of Typhoid are abdominal pain, belly pain, chills, constipation, diarrhea, fatigue, high fever, nausea, toxic look (typhos), vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Typhoid are abdominal pain, belly pain, chills, constipation, diarrhea, fatigue, headache, high fever, toxic look (typhos), vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Typhoid are abdominal pain, belly pain, chills, diarrhea, fatigue, headache, high fever, nausea, toxic look (typhos), vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Typhoid are belly pain, chills, constipation, diarrhea, fatigue, headache, high fever, nausea, toxic look (typhos), vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Typhoid are abdominal pain, belly pain, chills, constipation, fatigue, headache, high fever, nausea, toxic look (typhos), vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Typhoid are abdominal pain, belly pain, chills, constipation, diarrhea, fatigue, headache, high fever, nausea, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Typhoid are abdominal pain, chills, constipation, diarrhea, fatigue, headache, high fever, nausea, toxic look (typhos), vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Typhoid are abdominal pain, belly pain, chills, constipation, diarrhea, fatigue, headache, high fever, nausea, toxic look (typhos), vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Typhoid are abdominal pain, belly pain, chills, constipation, diarrhea, fatigue, headache, high fever, nausea, toxic look (typhos).

hepatitis A Hepatitis A is a highly contagious liver infection caused by the hepatitis A virus. The virus is one of several types of hepatitis viruses that cause inflammation and affect your liver's ability to function. The symptoms of hepatitis A are abdominal pain, dark urine, diarrhea, joint pain, loss of appetite, mild fever, muscle pain, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of hepatitis A are abdominal pain, dark urine, diarrhea, loss of appetite, mild fever, muscle pain, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of hepatitis A are abdominal pain, dark urine, diarrhea, joint pain, loss of appetite, mild fever, muscle pain, nausea, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of hepatitis A are abdominal pain, dark urine, diarrhea, joint pain, loss of appetite, mild fever, muscle pain, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of hepatitis A are abdominal pain, diarrhea, joint pain, loss of appetite, mild fever, muscle pain, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of hepatitis A are abdominal pain, dark urine, diarrhea, joint pain, loss of appetite, mild fever, muscle pain, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of hepatitis A are abdominal pain, dark urine, diarrhea, joint pain, mild fever, muscle pain, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of hepatitis A are dark urine, diarrhea, joint pain, loss of appetite, mild fever, muscle pain, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of hepatitis A are abdominal pain, dark urine, joint pain, loss of appetite, mild fever, muscle pain, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin.

Hepatitis B is an infection of your liver. It can cause scarring of the organ, liver failure, and cancer. It can be fatal if it isn't treated. It's spread when people come in contact with the blood, open sores, or body fluids of someone who has the hepatitis B virus. The symptoms of Hepatitis B are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, receiving blood transfusion, receiving unsterile injections, yellow urine, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis B are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, receiving blood transfusion, receiving unsterile injections, yellow urine, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis B are abdominal pain, dark urine, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, receiving blood transfusion, receiving unsterile injections, yellow urine, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis B are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, itching, loss of appetite, malaise, receiving blood transfusion, receiving unsterile injections, yellow urine, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis B are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, receiving blood transfusion, receiving unsterile injections, yellow urine, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis B are abdominal pain, fatigue, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, receiving blood transfusion, receiving unsterile injections, yellow urine, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis B are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, itching, lethargy, malaise, receiving blood transfusion, receiving unsterile injections, yellow urine, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis B are dark urine, fatigue, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, receiving blood transfusion, receiving unsterile injections, yellow urine, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis B are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, itching, lethargy, loss of appetite, malaise, receiving blood transfusion, receiving unsterile injections, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin.

Hepatitis C Inflammation of the liver due to the hepatitis C virus (HCV), which is usually spread via blood transfusion (rare), hemodialysis, and needle sticks. The damage hepatitis C does to the liver can lead to cirrhosis and its complications as well as cancer. The symptoms of Hepatitis C are family history, fatigue, loss of appetite, nausea, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis C are family history, fatigue, loss of appetite, nausea, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis C are family history, loss of appetite, nausea, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis C are family history, fatigue, loss of appetite, nausea, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis C are family history, fatigue, loss of appetite, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis C are family history, fatigue, nausea, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis C are fatigue, loss of appetite, nausea, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin.

Hepatitis D , also known as the hepatitis delta virus, is an infection that causes the liver to become inflamed. This swelling can impair liver function and cause long-term liver problems, including liver scarring and cancer. The condition is caused by the hepatitis D virus (HDV). The symptoms of Hepatitis D are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis D are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis D are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis D are abdominal pain, dark urine, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis D are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis D are abdominal pain, fatigue, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis D are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, joint pain, loss of appetite, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis D are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, joint pain, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis D are dark urine, fatigue, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis D are abdominal pain, dark urine, fatigue, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, vomiting, yellowish skin.

Hepatitis E A rare form of liver inflammation caused by infection with the hepatitis E virus (HEV). It is transmitted via food or drink handled by an infected person or through infected water supplies in areas where fecal matter may get into the water. Hepatitis E does not cause chronic liver disease. The symptoms of Hepatitis E are abdominal pain, coma, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, stomach bleeding, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis E are abdominal pain, acute liver failure, coma, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, stomach bleeding, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis E are abdominal pain, acute liver failure, coma, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, loss of appetite, nausea, stomach bleeding, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis E are abdominal pain, acute liver failure, coma, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, stomach bleeding, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis E are abdominal pain, acute liver failure, coma, dark urine, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, stomach bleeding, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis E are abdominal pain, acute liver failure, coma, dark urine, fatigue, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, stomach bleeding, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis E are abdominal pain, acute liver failure, coma, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, stomach bleeding, vomiting, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis E are abdominal pain, acute liver failure, coma, fatigue, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, nausea, stomach bleeding, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Hepatitis E are abdominal pain, acute liver failure, coma, dark urine, fatigue, high fever, joint pain, loss of appetite, stomach bleeding, vomiting, yellowing of eyes, yellowish skin.

Alcoholic hepatitis is a diseased, inflammatory condition of the liver caused by heavy alcohol consumption over an extended period of time. It's also aggravated by binge drinking and ongoing alcohol use. If you develop this condition, you must stop drinking alcohol. The symptoms of Alcoholic hepatitis are abdominal pain, distention of abdomen, fluid overload, history of alcohol consumption, swelling of stomach, vomiting, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Alcoholic hepatitis are abdominal pain, distention of abdomen, fluid overload, history of alcohol consumption, swelling of stomach, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Alcoholic hepatitis are abdominal pain, distention of abdomen, fluid overload, history of alcohol consumption, swelling of stomach, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Alcoholic hepatitis are distention of abdomen, fluid overload, history of alcohol consumption, swelling of stomach, vomiting, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Alcoholic hepatitis are abdominal pain, distention of abdomen, fluid overload, history of alcohol consumption, vomiting, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Alcoholic hepatitis are abdominal pain, fluid overload, history of alcohol consumption, swelling of stomach, vomiting, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Alcoholic hepatitis are abdominal pain, distention of abdomen, fluid overload, swelling of stomach, vomiting, yellowish skin. The other kind symptoms of Alcoholic hepatitis are abdominal pain, distention of abdomen, history of alcohol consumption, swelling of stomach, vomiting, yellowish skin.

Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease usually caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) bacteria. Tuberculosis generally affects the lungs, but can also affect other parts of the body. Most infections show no symptoms, in which case it is known as latent tuberculosis. The symptoms of Tuberculosis are blood in sputum, breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fatigue, high fever, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, phlegm, sweating, swelled lymph nodes, vomiting, weight loss, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Tuberculosis are blood in sputum, breathlessness, chest pain, cough, fatigue, high fever, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, phlegm, sweating, swelled lymph nodes, vomiting, weight loss, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Tuberculosis are blood in sputum, breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fatigue, high fever, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, phlegm, sweating, swelled lymph nodes, weight loss, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Tuberculosis are blood in sputum, breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, high fever, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, phlegm, sweating, swelled lymph nodes, vomiting, weight loss, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Tuberculosis are blood in sputum, breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fatigue, high fever, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, phlegm, sweating, swelled lymph nodes, vomiting, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Tuberculosis are blood in sputum, breathlessness, chest pain, chills, fatigue, high fever, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, phlegm, sweating, swelled lymph nodes, vomiting, weight loss, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Tuberculosis are blood in sputum, breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fatigue, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, phlegm, sweating, swelled lymph nodes, vomiting, weight loss, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Tuberculosis are blood in sputum, chest pain, chills, cough, fatigue, high fever, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, phlegm, sweating, swelled lymph nodes, vomiting, weight loss, yellowing of eyes. The other kind symptoms of Tuberculosis are blood in sputum, breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fatigue, high fever, loss of appetite, malaise, mild fever, phlegm, swelled lymph nodes, vomiting, weight loss, yellowing of eyes.

Common Cold The common cold is a viral infection of your nose and throat (upper respiratory tract). It's usually harmless, although it might not feel that way. Many types of viruses can cause a common cold. The symptoms of Common Cold are chest pain, chills, congestion, continuous sneezing, cough, fatigue, headache, high fever, loss of smell, malaise, muscle pain, phlegm, redness of eyes, runny nose, sinus pressure, swelled lymph nodes, throat irritation. The other kind symptoms of Common Cold are chest pain, chills, congestion, cough, fatigue, headache, high fever, loss of smell, malaise, muscle pain, phlegm, redness of eyes, runny nose, sinus pressure, swelled lymph nodes, throat irritation. The other kind symptoms of Common Cold are chest pain, congestion, continuous sneezing, cough, fatigue, headache, high fever, loss of smell, malaise, muscle pain, phlegm, redness of eyes, runny nose, sinus pressure, swelled lymph nodes, throat irritation. The other kind symptoms of Common Cold are chest pain, chills, congestion, continuous sneezing, cough, headache, high fever, loss of smell, malaise, muscle pain, phlegm, redness of eyes, runny nose, sinus pressure, swelled lymph nodes, throat irritation. The other kind symptoms of Common Cold are chest pain, chills, congestion, continuous sneezing, fatigue, headache, high fever, loss of smell, malaise, muscle pain, phlegm, redness of eyes, runny nose, sinus pressure, swelled lymph nodes, throat irritation. The other kind symptoms of Common Cold are chest pain, chills, congestion, continuous sneezing, cough, fatigue, headache, loss of smell, malaise, muscle pain, phlegm, redness of eyes, runny nose, sinus pressure, swelled lymph nodes, throat irritation. The other kind symptoms of Common Cold are chest pain, chills, congestion, continuous sneezing, cough, fatigue, high fever, loss of smell, malaise, muscle pain, phlegm, redness of eyes, runny nose, sinus pressure, swelled lymph nodes, throat irritation. The other kind symptoms of Common Cold are chest pain, chills, congestion, continuous sneezing, cough, fatigue, headache, high fever, loss of smell, malaise, muscle pain, phlegm, redness of eyes, runny nose, sinus pressure, throat irritation. The other kind symptoms of Common Cold are chest pain, chills, congestion, continuous sneezing, cough, fatigue, headache, high fever, loss of smell, muscle pain, phlegm, redness of eyes, runny nose, sinus pressure, swelled lymph nodes, throat irritation.

Pneumonia is an infection in one or both lungs. Bacteria, viruses, and fungi cause it. The infection causes inflammation in the air sacs in your lungs, which are called alveoli. The alveoli fill with fluid or pus, making it difficult to breathe. The symptoms of Pneumonia are breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fast heart rate, fatigue, high fever, malaise, rusty sputum, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Pneumonia are breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fast heart rate, fatigue, high fever, malaise, phlegm, rusty sputum, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Pneumonia are breathlessness, chest pain, cough, fast heart rate, fatigue, high fever, malaise, phlegm, rusty sputum, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Pneumonia are breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fast heart rate, high fever, malaise, phlegm, rusty sputum, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Pneumonia are breathlessness, chest pain, chills, fast heart rate, fatigue, high fever, malaise, phlegm, rusty sputum, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Pneumonia are breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fast heart rate, fatigue, malaise, phlegm, rusty sputum, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Pneumonia are chest pain, chills, cough, fast heart rate, fatigue, high fever, malaise, phlegm, rusty sputum, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Pneumonia are breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fast heart rate, fatigue, high fever, malaise, phlegm, rusty sputum. The other kind symptoms of Pneumonia are breathlessness, chest pain, chills, cough, fast heart rate, fatigue, high fever, phlegm, rusty sputum, sweating.

Dimorphic hemorrhoids(piles) Hemorrhoids, also spelled haemorrhoids, are vascular structures in the anal canal. In their .. Other names, Haemorrhoids, piles, hemorrhoidal disease . The symptoms of Dimorphic hemorrhoids(piles) are bloody stool, constipation, irritation in anus, pain during bowel movements, pain in anal region. The other kind symptoms of Dimorphic hemorrhoids(piles) are bloody stool, irritation in anus, pain during bowel movements, pain in anal region. The other kind symptoms of Dimorphic hemorrhoids(piles) are bloody stool, constipation, irritation in anus, pain in anal region. The other kind symptoms of Dimorphic hemorrhoids(piles) are bloody stool, constipation, irritation in anus, pain during bowel movements. The other kind symptoms of Dimorphic hemorrhoids(piles) are constipation, irritation in anus, pain during bowel movements, pain in anal region. The other kind symptoms of Dimorphic hemorrhoids(piles) are bloody stool, constipation, pain during bowel movements, pain in anal region.

Heart attack The death of heart muscle due to the loss of blood supply. The loss of blood supply is usually caused by a complete blockage of a coronary artery, one of the arteries that supplies blood to the heart muscle. The symptoms of Heart attack are breathlessness, chest pain, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Heart attack are breathlessness, chest pain, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Heart attack are chest pain, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Heart attack are breathlessness, chest pain, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Heart attack are breathlessness, sweating, vomiting.

Varicose veins A vein that has enlarged and twisted, often appearing as a bulging, blue blood vessel that is clearly visible through the skin. Varicose veins are most common in older adults, particularly women, and occur especially on the legs. The symptoms of Varicose veins are bruising, cramps, fatigue, obesity, prominent veins on calf, swollen blood vessels, swollen legs. The other kind symptoms of Varicose veins are bruising, cramps, obesity, prominent veins on calf, swollen blood vessels, swollen legs. The other kind symptoms of Varicose veins are bruising, fatigue, obesity, prominent veins on calf, swollen blood vessels, swollen legs. The other kind symptoms of Varicose veins are cramps, fatigue, obesity, prominent veins on calf, swollen blood vessels, swollen legs. The other kind symptoms of Varicose veins are bruising, cramps, fatigue, prominent veins on calf, swollen blood vessels, swollen legs. The other kind symptoms of Varicose veins are bruising, cramps, fatigue, obesity, prominent veins on calf, swollen blood vessels. The other kind symptoms of Varicose veins are bruising, cramps, fatigue, obesity, prominent veins on calf, swollen legs. The other kind symptoms of Varicose veins are bruising, cramps, fatigue, obesity, swollen blood vessels, swollen legs.

Hypothyroidism , also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid, is a disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone. The symptoms of Hypothyroidism are abnormal menstruation, brittle nails, cold hands and feets, depression, dizziness, enlarged thyroid, fatigue, irritability, lethargy, mood swings, puffy face and eyes, swollen extremeties, weight gain. The other kind symptoms of Hypothyroidism are abnormal menstruation, brittle nails, cold hands and feets, depression, dizziness, enlarged thyroid, irritability, lethargy, mood swings, puffy face and eyes, swollen extremeties, weight gain. The other kind symptoms of Hypothyroidism are abnormal menstruation, brittle nails, cold hands and feets, depression, dizziness, enlarged thyroid, fatigue, irritability, lethargy, mood swings, puffy face and eyes, swollen extremeties. The other kind symptoms of Hypothyroidism are abnormal menstruation, brittle nails, depression, dizziness, enlarged thyroid, fatigue, irritability, lethargy, mood swings, puffy face and eyes, swollen extremeties, weight gain. The other kind symptoms of Hypothyroidism are abnormal menstruation, brittle nails, cold hands and feets, depression, dizziness, enlarged thyroid, fatigue, irritability, lethargy, puffy face and eyes, swollen extremeties, weight gain. The other kind symptoms of Hypothyroidism are abnormal menstruation, brittle nails, cold hands and feets, depression, dizziness, enlarged thyroid, fatigue, irritability, mood swings, puffy face and eyes, swollen extremeties, weight gain. The other kind symptoms of Hypothyroidism are abnormal menstruation, brittle nails, cold hands and feets, depression, enlarged thyroid, fatigue, irritability, lethargy, mood swings, puffy face and eyes, swollen extremeties, weight gain. The other kind symptoms of Hypothyroidism are abnormal menstruation, brittle nails, cold hands and feets, depression, dizziness, enlarged thyroid, fatigue, irritability, lethargy, mood swings, swollen extremeties, weight gain.

Hyperthyroidism (overactive thyroid) occurs when your thyroid gland produces too much of the hormone thyroxine. Hyperthyroidism can accelerate your body's metabolism, causing unintentional weight loss and a rapid or irregular heartbeat. The symptoms of Hyperthyroidism are abnormal menstruation, diarrhea, excessive hunger, fast heart rate, fatigue, irritability, mood swings, muscle weakness, restlessness, sweating, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Hyperthyroidism are abnormal menstruation, diarrhea, excessive hunger, fast heart rate, irritability, mood swings, muscle weakness, restlessness, sweating, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Hyperthyroidism are abnormal menstruation, diarrhea, excessive hunger, fast heart rate, fatigue, irritability, muscle weakness, restlessness, sweating, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Hyperthyroidism are abnormal menstruation, diarrhea, excessive hunger, fast heart rate, fatigue, irritability, mood swings, muscle weakness, restlessness, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Hyperthyroidism are abnormal menstruation, diarrhea, excessive hunger, fast heart rate, fatigue, irritability, mood swings, muscle weakness, sweating, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Hyperthyroidism are abnormal menstruation, diarrhea, excessive hunger, fast heart rate, fatigue, irritability, mood swings, muscle weakness, restlessness, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Hyperthyroidism are abnormal menstruation, excessive hunger, fast heart rate, fatigue, irritability, mood swings, muscle weakness, restlessness, sweating, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Hyperthyroidism are abnormal menstruation, diarrhea, excessive hunger, fatigue, irritability, mood swings, muscle weakness, restlessness, sweating, weight loss. The other kind symptoms of Hyperthyroidism are abnormal menstruation, diarrhea, fast heart rate, fatigue, irritability, mood swings, muscle weakness, restlessness, sweating, weight loss.

Hypoglycemia Hypoglycemia is a condition in which your blood sugar (glucose) level is lower than normal. Glucose is your body's main energy source. Hypoglycemia is often related to diabetes treatment. But other drugs and a variety of conditions — many rare — can cause low blood sugar in people who don't have diabetes. The symptoms of Hypoglycemia are anxiety, blurred and distorted vision, excessive hunger, fatigue, headache, irritability, nausea, palpitations, slurred speech, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Hypoglycemia are anxiety, blurred and distorted vision, drying and tingling lips, excessive hunger, fatigue, headache, irritability, nausea, palpitations, slurred speech, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Hypoglycemia are anxiety, blurred and distorted vision, drying and tingling lips, excessive hunger, fatigue, headache, irritability, nausea, palpitations, slurred speech, sweating. The other kind symptoms of Hypoglycemia are anxiety, blurred and distorted vision, drying and tingling lips, excessive hunger, headache, irritability, nausea, palpitations, slurred speech, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Hypoglycemia are blurred and distorted vision, drying and tingling lips, excessive hunger, fatigue, headache, irritability, nausea, palpitations, slurred speech, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Hypoglycemia are anxiety, blurred and distorted vision, drying and tingling lips, excessive hunger, fatigue, headache, irritability, nausea, palpitations, slurred speech, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Hypoglycemia are anxiety, blurred and distorted vision, drying and tingling lips, excessive hunger, fatigue, irritability, nausea, palpitations, slurred speech, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Hypoglycemia are anxiety, blurred and distorted vision, drying and tingling lips, excessive hunger, fatigue, headache, irritability, palpitations, slurred speech, sweating, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of Hypoglycemia are anxiety, drying and tingling lips, excessive hunger, fatigue, headache, irritability, nausea, palpitations, slurred speech, sweating, vomiting.

Osteoarthristis Osteoarthritis is the most common form of arthritis, affecting millions of people worldwide. It occurs when the protective cartilage that cushions the ends of your bones wears down over time. The symptoms of Osteoarthristis are hip joint pain, joint pain, knee pain, neck pain, painful walking, swelling joints. The other kind symptoms of Osteoarthristis are hip joint pain, knee pain, neck pain, painful walking, swelling joints. The other kind symptoms of Osteoarthristis are hip joint pain, joint pain, knee pain, painful walking, swelling joints. The other kind symptoms of Osteoarthristis are hip joint pain, joint pain, neck pain, painful walking, swelling joints. The other kind symptoms of Osteoarthristis are joint pain, knee pain, neck pain, painful walking, swelling joints. The other kind symptoms of Osteoarthristis are hip joint pain, joint pain, knee pain, neck pain, painful walking. The other kind symptoms of Osteoarthristis are hip joint pain, joint pain, knee pain, neck pain, swelling joints.

Arthritis is the swelling and tenderness of one or more of your joints. The main symptoms of arthritis are joint pain and stiffness, which typically worsen with age. The most common types of arthritis are osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. The symptoms of Arthritis are movement stiffness, muscle weakness, painful walking, stiff neck, swelling joints. The other kind symptoms of Arthritis are movement stiffness, painful walking, stiff neck, swelling joints. The other kind symptoms of Arthritis are movement stiffness, muscle weakness, painful walking, swelling joints. The other kind symptoms of Arthritis are movement stiffness, muscle weakness, painful walking, stiff neck. The other kind symptoms of Arthritis are muscle weakness, painful walking, stiff neck, swelling joints. The other kind symptoms of Arthritis are movement stiffness, muscle weakness, stiff neck, swelling joints.

(vertigo) Paroymsal Positional Vertigo Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV) is one of the most common causes of vertigo — the sudden sensation that you're spinning or that the inside of your head is spinning. Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo causes brief episodes of mild to intense dizziness. The symptoms of (vertigo) Paroymsal Positional Vertigo are headache, loss of balance, nausea, spinning movements, unsteadiness, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of (vertigo) Paroymsal Positional Vertigo are headache, loss of balance, nausea, spinning movements, unsteadiness. The other kind symptoms of (vertigo) Paroymsal Positional Vertigo are loss of balance, nausea, spinning movements, unsteadiness, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of (vertigo) Paroymsal Positional Vertigo are headache, loss of balance, spinning movements, unsteadiness, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of (vertigo) Paroymsal Positional Vertigo are headache, loss of balance, nausea, unsteadiness, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of (vertigo) Paroymsal Positional Vertigo are headache, nausea, spinning movements, unsteadiness, vomiting. The other kind symptoms of (vertigo) Paroymsal Positional Vertigo are headache, loss of balance, nausea, spinning movements, vomiting.

Acne vulgaris is the formation of comedones, papules, pustules, nodules, and/or cysts as a result of obstruction and inflammation of pilosebaceous units (hair follicles and their accompanying sebaceous gland). Acne develops on the face and upper trunk. It most often affects adolescents. The symptoms of Acne are blackheads, pus filled pimples, scurring, skin rash. The other kind symptoms of Acne are blackheads, pus filled pimples, scurring. The other kind symptoms of Acne are blackheads, scurring, skin rash. The other kind symptoms of Acne are pus filled pimples, scurring, skin rash. The other kind symptoms of Acne are blackheads, pus filled pimples, skin rash.

Urinary tract infection : An infection of the kidney, ureter, bladder, or urethra. Abbreviated UTI. Not everyone with a UTI has symptoms, but common symptoms include a frequent urge to urinate and pain or burning when urinating. The symptoms of Urinary tract infection are bladder discomfort, burning micturition, continuous feel of urine, foul smell of urine. The other kind symptoms of Urinary tract infection are bladder discomfort, continuous feel of urine, foul smell of urine. The other kind symptoms of Urinary tract infection are burning micturition, continuous feel of urine, foul smell of urine. The other kind symptoms of Urinary tract infection are bladder discomfort, burning micturition, continuous feel of urine. The other kind symptoms of Urinary tract infection are bladder discomfort, burning micturition, foul smell of urine.

Psoriasis is a common skin disorder that forms thick, red, bumpy patches covered with silvery scales. They can pop up anywhere, but most appear on the scalp, elbows, knees, and lower back. Psoriasis can't be passed from person to person. It does sometimes happen in members of the same family. The symptoms of Psoriasis are inflammatory nails, joint pain, silver like dusting, skin peeling, skin rash, small dents in nails. The other kind symptoms of Psoriasis are inflammatory nails, joint pain, silver like dusting, skin peeling, small dents in nails. The other kind symptoms of Psoriasis are inflammatory nails, silver like dusting, skin peeling, skin rash, small dents in nails. The other kind symptoms of Psoriasis are inflammatory nails, joint pain, silver like dusting, skin rash, small dents in nails. The other kind symptoms of Psoriasis are inflammatory nails, joint pain, skin peeling, skin rash, small dents in nails. The other kind symptoms of Psoriasis are inflammatory nails, joint pain, silver like dusting, skin peeling, skin rash. The other kind symptoms of Psoriasis are joint pain, silver like dusting, skin peeling, skin rash, small dents in nails.

Impetigo (im-puh-TIE-go) is a common and highly contagious skin infection that mainly affects infants and children. Impetigo usually appears as red sores on the face, especially around a child's nose and mouth, and on hands and feet. The sores burst and develop honey-colored crusts. The symptoms of Impetigo are blister, high fever, red sore around nose, skin rash, yellow crust ooze. The other kind symptoms of Impetigo are blister, high fever, red sore around nose, yellow crust ooze. The other kind symptoms of Impetigo are blister, red sore around nose, skin rash, yellow crust ooze. The other kind symptoms of Impetigo are high fever, red sore around nose, skin rash, yellow crust ooze. The other kind symptoms of Impetigo are blister, high fever, skin rash, yellow crust ooze. The other kind symptoms of Impetigo are blister, high fever, red sore around nose, skin rash.

